book.md, before:

The Book I Dreamt Of
====================

Pronounciation
--------------

#### Of names and other words native to Talhr ####

Each letter has its sound, like Spanish or French. Or latin.

The usual pronounciation rules apply, except:

- 'y' is pronounced 'ya', or 'yah', with the French 'a', but short and almost
  non-spoken.
- 'u' is the french 'u' or latin 'y'.
- 'e' is the latin 'e', or the french '&eacute;', and can be approached by the
  english 'ay', as in 'May', or 'eh'. "Ale" is *not* pronounced like the
  beverage, but a bit like 'Ah-l-eh'.
- 'v', in Shvn's language, is pronounced 'uh'. In other languages, it is the
  normal 'v'. "Shvn" is thus pronounced a bit like the English name Sean, and
  like the verb 'to shun'.

Language
--------

It will be written in English at the base, but I may write a French translation
as I go.

License
-------

This work of fiction by passcod is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution-Non-commercial-Share-Alike 3.0 Unported License, 
see [home].

[home]: http://passcod.webege.com/thebook

Disclaimer
----------

The characters and places in this work of fiction are fictionous, but they are 
based on real experiences, and therefore on real people and places. However, 
the fictional places and peoples have no ties to their real counterparts, so I 
cannot be held liable because anyone feels I have offended them writing 
something about them or a place in this novel, as I have clearly stated above 
that this novel is a work of fiction and none of it is real; it may be based on
real facts, but, as a whole, it is actually fictional.

Font Face
---------

The font used is __Diavlo__, by [exljbris]

It is a free font licensed under the exljbris free license which is outlined
below:

#### exljbris :: Free Quality Font Foundry ####

##### Font license information #####

- This font is free for personal and commercial use
- This font file may not be modified
- This font file may not be distributed - not online nor on any media - 
  without Jos Buivenga's permission
- Embedding (in PDF's, Flash files and programs) is allowed
- This font may not be sold
- This font is the intellecual property of Jos Buivenga
- Exljbris ([Jos Buivenga]) is not liable for any damage resulting from the use
  of this font

[Jos Buivenga]: http://www.josbuivenga.demon.nl
[exljbris]: http://www.josbuivenga.demon.nl/diavlo.html


Markdown
--------

I use [markdown] as a writing and storage format, and I thank its creator!

[markdown]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

Commit message:

added characters, and fixed spelling

book.md, after:

The Book I Dreamt Of
====================

Pronunciation
--------------

#### Of names and other words native to Talhr ####

Each letter has its sound, like Spanish or French. Or latin.

The usual pronunciation rules apply, except:

- 'y' is pronounced 'ya', or 'yah', with the French 'a', but short and almost
  non-spoken.
- 'u' is the french 'u' or latin 'y'.
- 'e' is the latin 'e', or the french '&eacute;', and can be approached by the
  english 'ay', as in 'May', or 'eh'. "Ale" is *not* pronounced like the
  beverage, but a bit like 'Ah-l-eh'.
- 'v', in Shvn's language, is pronounced 'uh'. In other languages, it is the
  normal 'v'. "Shvn" is thus pronounced a bit like the English name Sean, and
  like the verb 'to shun'.

Characters
----------

Our five heroes are:

- *Lucyn*
- *Pinim*
- *Ale*
- *Luma*
- *???*

and there is the mysterious *Shvn*.

Language
--------

It will be written in English at the base, but I may write a French translation
as I go.

License
-------

This work of fiction by passcod is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution-Non-commercial-Share-Alike 3.0 Unported License, 
see [home].

[home]: http://passcod.webege.com/thebook

Disclaimer
----------

The characters and places in this work of fiction are fictionous, but they are 
based on real experiences, and therefore on real people and places. However, 
the fictional places and peoples have no ties to their real counterparts, so I 
cannot be held liable because anyone feels I have offended them writing 
something about them or a place in this novel, as I have clearly stated above 
that this novel is a work of fiction and none of it is real; it may be based on
real facts, but, as a whole, it is actually fictional.

Font Face
---------

The font used is __Diavlo__, by [exljbris]

It is a free font licensed under the exljbris free license which is outlined
below:

#### exljbris :: Free Quality Font Foundry ####

##### Font license information #####

- This font is free for personal and commercial use
- This font file may not be modified
- This font file may not be distributed - not online nor on any media - 
  without Jos Buivenga's permission
- Embedding (in PDF's, Flash files and programs) is allowed
- This font may not be sold
- This font is the intellecual property of Jos Buivenga
- Exljbris ([Jos Buivenga]) is not liable for any damage resulting from the use
  of this font

[Jos Buivenga]: http://www.josbuivenga.demon.nl
[exljbris]: http://www.josbuivenga.demon.nl/diavlo.html


Markdown
--------

I use [markdown] as a writing and storage format, and I thank its creator!

[markdown]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/
